20140107
CHANGED: Sorting of ad_groups in signals.py removed due to problem with handling
unicode characters.
ADDED: publications are only viewable when verified. On overview maps, features
are only shown if the publication is verified. In all cases publications are
visible also when not verified, if user is authenticated.
CHANGED: all strings in signals.py now considered unicode.

20140106
CHANGED: updating the xlsx template for feature registration (changes had not
propagated to static_root/static)

20131224
CHANGED: All strings in views.py now considered unicode, by adding
"from __future__ import unicode_literals". May induce other errors!

20131210
FIXED: Problems with date input in model forms. Had to overload the widget for
the date fields in model forms to ensure the format yyyy-mm-dd (%Y-%m-%d) is
accepted on production server. It worked fine on development server.

20131208
ADDED: some comments added to the add_feature template.
ADDED: Help boxes added to add feature map, to indicate how to use controls.
FIXED: Keywords are now treated correctly when editing a report.

20131205
HOTFIX: added check for empty geometry to avoid crash
CHANGED: feature_detail view was updated to show map of feature, and very
simple image gallery with automatic thumbnail generation through sorl_thumbnail.

20131203
ADDED: Links to information about reference systems to the relevant register
and upload feature views.
CHANGED: Removed link to old ftp-site from upload report files.
CHANGED: Removed light-bulbs from upload report files.
CHANGED: Layout of details page. Including olwidget-popups.

20131202
CHANGED: Localized the validate features from file view.

20131201
ADDED: A validation page for uploaded features, with possibility to confirm or
delete the uploaded features. The views work both with upload from/to a specific
report, and as general upload with publication id's specified in the file.

20131128
FIXED: Translation error in report details view
CHANGED: Added warning message to check location of features after succesful
egistration of feature based on file upload or online form with coordinate entry.
CHANGED: login and logout now redirects to referring page
BUGFIX: report number disappeared when students edited reports. Solution: move
handling of which fields to render to the META class of the form class, and
create separate form class for each set of fields to render. So now there is an
AddReportForm (for superusers only). and a UserAddReportForm (for normal users only).

20131127
BUGFIX: add feature view now saves created_by and modified_by based on request.USER
ADDED: Form and view for online registering of point features based on coordinate input.
CHANGED: message after registering a feature changed to SUCCESS
CHANGED: Redirection after registering/editing feature now depends on whether
there is one or more report associations. One report = go to report details.
Otherwise go to feature details.

20131126
CHANGED: Localized publication detail view, publication list view, person list
view
ADDED: View to choose how to add feature, by Excel file upload or by digitizing
from map, or by online form (coordinate entry).

20131124
CHANGED: Localized Publication list view

20131123
BRANCH: FEATURE/localization/main
CHANGED: Localized top-bar and frontpage
NB: Server must have gettext utility installed to enable translations

20131115
ADDED: Explaining text on the add feature report on how to handle registration of
feature with/without measured gps coordinates.
REMOVED: possibility to upload appendixes from add/edit report form.
ADDED: upload appendices from report detail view, when authenticated and having permission.
CHANGED: upload_feature_files/images views, to only allow upload by users that
have edit permissions to the current feature.
Changed add_edit_report template to only allow editing report number for
superusers. Also changed so that the page shows "Edit" or "Add" depending on
what we are doing.
FIXED: small bug that broke the map overview pages.

20131110
NBNB Check if Feature upload xlsx template has been updated to allow lines etc. NBNB

Changed Administration page to have nice linked images instead of boring buttons.
Added "Preview not available" image in case no pdf-file thumbnail is found for
a report. Some minor changes to layout: positioning of the thumbnail in the report detail view, and highlight of rows in tables confined to class "entity-list" which is applied only to lists of reports, persons, features etc.

20131109
Created a management script to create thumbnails of the first page of the pdf files.
The script is run by invoking the command: python manage.py create_pub_thumbs.
Report detail template updated to show the thumbnail of the report title page.

Added two new features:
1) Possibility to upload line features and polygon features through the feature xlsx file which previously only supported points.
2) Possibility to upload multiple files and images to features.


Have not been keeping this file updated!


20130522  v1.1.1 All maps changed to default to Open Street maps. Front page image for road project changed.

20130522  Make sure development server is not running when committing files! It will place a lock on those files, which will be committed along with the file!

20130522  Problem identified: A change in the development version of OpenLayers.js causes the editmap of olwidget to fail (add feature page).
The workaround is to go back to stable release. This fixes editmap, but google-sattelite now has nagging popup at each mouse-click! No work-around for this - so fix must be considered temporary.

20130518  BRANCH: bug/add-feature-map/main
20130518  BRANCH: develop
